Fix: #850. Support for parameters. (#1213)
httpwg/http-extensions: draft-ietf-httpbis-digest-headers.md

   sha-256=X48E9qOokqqrvdts8nOJRJN3OWDUoyWxBf7kbu9DBPE=
~~~

> This second example shows an hypotetical `bikeshed` digest algorithm using

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This second example shows a hypothetical `bikeshed` digest algorithm using
```
